feat(events): create tracee_info event (#4166)
aquasecurity/tracee: docs/docs/events/builtin/extra/tracee_info.md

# tracee_info

## Intro

tracee_info - An event that exports some relevant data of Tracee upon startup.

## Description

This event, created in user-mode during Tracee's initialization, is typically the first event emitted. It provides valuable metadata about Tracee's configuration and runtime environment, which can be helpful for event processing and troubleshooting.

The event was created also with Tracee's File Source in mind, to provide information about how Tracee ran during the original capture.

## Arguments

> * `boot_time`:`u64`[U] - the boot time of the system Tracee run in since epoch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `boot_time`:`u64`[U] - the boot time of the system that Tracee is running on, relative to the Unix epoch.
```

> * `start_time`:`u64`[U] - the Tracee time elapse since system boot. This indicates when the Tracee process started relative to the system boot time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `start_time`:`u64`[U] - the time elapsed since Tracee started, relative to the system boot time. This indicates when the Tracee process started relative to the system boot time.
```
